Yoo-hoo! Donald!
What are you guys doing here?
We came to see my captain in action.
You always said you'd
take us sailing some day.
And today's the perfect day.
But, but, but...
Ha-ha. First mate
Mickey reporting for duty.
Batten down the hatches!
Set sail for adventure!
Shiver me timbers, you're
not looking so good, captain.
What do you mean you
don't know how to sail?
Look, Daisy bought me this suit.
I only wear it because
she loves a man in uniform.
If she finds out I can't sail,
it's over!
You've gotta help me, Mickey!
Don't worry, pal, just
pull yourself together.
Now the first thing we gotta do
is tie the boat back up to the...
Uh-oh.
Okay. Don't panic. Just fly
up there and open the sail.
Yeah, no, you can just...
Just stop.
You pedal and I'll steer.
Uh-oh.
Wow! Attaboy, Donald!
Donald?
Hold on, Donald!
Way to go! Now pull that
rope and release the sail!
Donald!
You're so brave!
Didn't I tell you?
He's the best sailor.
No, you said that if he keeps
up with the lies and tantrums,
he can go fly a kite.
Uh-huh, plus he's the best sailor.
Show 'em what you've got, sweetie!
You did it!
I did?
I did it! Woo-hoo!
Donald!
Whoa, boy.
Whoa!
I knew you'd save us, captain Donald!
But my shirt, it's ruined.
Oh, I've got other uniforms.
Pilot Donald.
Ha! Get ready
for take-off.
Wow! You can
fly a plane?
No!